# Z2 Randomizer 4.1.0 FAQ

## Will this overwrite my current install of 4.0.4?

No. Because this version is hosted separately from 4.0.4, it needs to be installed separately. It will be named "Z2 Randomizer Community Fork" once it is installed.

## Can I use this version to generate seeds for my races?

The seeds generated by this version are not compatable with 4.0.4, so they will be different and have a different hash than 4.0.4 seeds. Only use this for races where all runners are using 4.1.0

## What are all these options with squares instead of blank or checked

This indicates the option will be off or on at random (50/50 chance).

## How do I convert my old 4.0.4 flags to the new version?

Paste the old flags into the "Old flags" box and press convert. A compatable 4.1.0 flag string will be generated.

## Windows is telling me this is a virus. What gives?

Windows will normally flag the installer as suspicious because there is no code signing. There have been some cases where Windows Defender detects this version of the Randomizer as a Trojan. This is a false positive, but getting around it would be difficult. You can ignore these warnings and install anyway. If you are doubtful, downloading the source and building yourself will get around any security notices.

## Right after installing, I'm getting a correct hash but incorrect seed. What's up?

Sometimes after installing, if you had to download the .NET7 runtimes, the wrong runtimes will be used by the application, potentially resulting in different randomness.
Restarting your computer will correct this.

## I found a bug / crash / uncompleteable seed. What should I do?

Try any of these options

- Post in #z2r-development on the Z2R discord. Feel free to ping me (Ellendar#2583).
- DM me directly on discord. I may not be able to get back to you right away, but I can take a look at your issue.
- [Submit an Issue](https://github.com/Ellendar/Z2Randomizer/issues/new) here on GitHub. 
